Ignore (#137)
esl/gradient: README.md

The `examples/` folder contains example applications showing how the produced error messages look like.

### Ignore warnings

> It's possible to ignore specific warnings, by adding a `.gradient_ignore.exs` in project root folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's possible to ignore specific warnings by adding a `.gradient_ignore.exs` in a project root folder.
```

> `.gradient_ignore.exs` contains a list of ignores:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`.gradient_ignore.exs` should contain a list of ignore rules:
```
